docs(roadmap): Update WebRTC browser-to-browser entry (#3355)
paritytech/rust-libp2p: ROADMAP.md

allowing users to create a stream and do whatever they want with it - will make it easier for
newcomers to get started.

### Improved Wasm support

| Category             | Status | Target Completion | Tracking                                          | Dependencies | Dependents                                   |
|----------------------|--------|-------------------|---------------------------------------------------|--------------|----------------------------------------------|
| Developer ergonomics | todo   | Q2/2023           | https://github.com/libp2p/rust-libp2p/issues/2617 |              | [WebRTC](#webrtc-support-browser-to-browser) |

The project supports Wasm already today, though the developer experience is cumbersome at best.

> Properly supporting Wasm opens rust-libp2p to hole new set of use-cases. I would love for this to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Properly supporting Wasm opens rust-libp2p to a whole new set of use-cases. I would love for this to
```

Author: Haha, yes, that is better. Thanks @thomaseizinger.
